RHIDP-3377: Adding cross-links to the Installation titles (#538)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/con-relnotes-notable-features.adoc

== {product} Operator is now generally available (GA)

You can use the {product} Operator to install {product-short} on your {ocp-short} cluster.

> For more information, see the link:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}[Installing {product} using the Operator].

Reviewer: This link should point to the 'Installing RHDH using the Operator' section, but it currently directs to the OCP guide. Could we please update the link to include the anchor for the Operator section?

> For more information, see the link:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}[Installing {product} using the Operator].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the {installing-on-ocp-book-url}#proc-install-operator_assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-operator[Installing {product} on {ocp-short} with the Operator].
```

> For more information, see the link:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}[Installing {product} using the Operator] section in the _Installation guide_.

Reviewer: We do not have the Installation guide anymore.
```suggestion
For more information, see the link:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}[Installing {product} using the Operator].
```
